Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
[music] Uh uh
[music] Uh uh [music] Uh uh [music] Uh uh ah ah uh uh [music] ah ah uh uh ah ah uh uh [music] [music] Uh uh [music] [music] Uh uh [music] [music] Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ah ah uh uh uh uh Uh
...  Ladies and
gentlemen, please join me in watching
these images right now.
[Music]
- Ladies and
gentlemen, as you can see, this
is Ms. Pham Thi Yen, head of the
National Club for the Six Harmonies practice,
respectfully making offerings to the monks at
Ba Vang Pagoda.
[Music]
I can say that the image of collecting alms
bowls and going on alms rounds is no longer
unfamiliar to the Buddhists of
Ba Vang Pagoda, right? However,
recently, due to the pandemic,
19 of us members could not return to the
pagoda, so the longing
and
yearning to practice the Buddha's teachings were
very strong in the hearts of the
members. So today, when we were able to
return to the pagoda to make offerings to the monks and nuns, the
members of the National Club for the
Six Harmonies practice were deeply moved, and it can be
said that on
everyone's faces, there was an expression of
profound reverence.  Ah, ah, ah, yes,
dear friends, since
practicing at Ba Vang Pagoda under the
guidance of the Master and the monks, the
members have deeply understood karma and the need to cultivate positive
energy to perform good deeds, transforming
suffering and pain, and achieving
happiness and peace in
this present life and in the future. Therefore,
for the Buddhists in the Quoc
Vang Club practicing the Six Harmonies, the Master and the monks are the
great teachers.
Huong Lan knows that besides the
alms-giving ceremony this morning,
tonight the members of the Quoc Vang Club
practicing the Six Harmonies will also organize a
program to commemorate the Master and the monks
on November 20th.
Please follow and pay attention
to the program. Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
In the scriptures, the Buddha taught that there are
two types of people worthy of offerings. The
first type is those who
have completely eradicated the cycle of rebirth and attained Nirvana,
like the Buddhas and other enlightened beings.  The
second type of Arhat is those who are on
the path of spiritual practice, aiming towards the cessation of suffering and detachment from
worldly affairs. The
monks, nuns, and Buddhist followers of Ba Vang Pagoda follow the
Buddha's teachings, practicing asceticism
as taught in the scriptures,
striving day and night to cultivate patience and endurance in the face of overwhelming
external influences
and battling
corruption within their own hearts. Therefore, those
who practice such
acts of generosity will receive immeasurable rewards, not only
peace and happiness in this life but also,
according to the law of karma, they will attain
ultimate happiness in the future. It is precisely
because of these meritorious deeds that the
Buddhist followers of Ba Vang Pagoda, upon arriving in
Hanoi, were very joyful and moved.
We can see that today,
many people, including
Buddhist families and families,
came to the pagoda to offer prayers and offerings to the monks.
Alongside this, we also
see many
visitors who, upon
seeing the images...  The Buddhist devotees respectfully set out to offer alms to the
monks, and everyone
was very happy. It could be said that some
people were quite unfamiliar with it,
but Huong Lan believes this
is also a karmic connection to
bring people closer to the
true Dharma of the Buddha.
In the Dhammapada, the Buddha taught that offerings should be made to those
worthy of offering, those who have
transcended worldly concerns, those who have eradicated
all sorrow and suffering, those who are tranquil,
fearless, and possess such merit.
No one can measure it.
[Music] Uh-huh. Uh-
huh. My dear friends, if
you are a Buddhist devotee of the Golden Temple or have
followed the Golden Temple's programs,
you cannot forget the
ceremony that took place on
September 9th. Yes, ladies and gentlemen,
before our eyes is the
image of the monks. Are
you familiar with it?
The image of the monks setting out... Yes, uh-huh.
[Music]
Uh-huh.
[Music] Uh-
huh.
Hey, hey, uh, uh, uh, uh,
A, and that's it. Hard work with other students,
other studies, and growing day by day, that's a
gift no
one can help me with. I hope that Dak Lak, Ton Duc Thang, and
the members of the
regional military defense club in Hoa
today will lose their lives when things get better, so that it will become
kinder, and there will be more and more of the most in
practicing freedom, still crying, still doing good food,
intellectuals on Vietnamese Teachers' Day, but changing things, messing up and giving milk to the teachers of the days and nights of
caring, many people respectfully wish the
teachers much health, always
be happy and successful in
life, and congratulations to you all for
participating, calling our names from today.
Hello and see you again in the next episodes. Uh, uh ...